Online Library Card Registration Form
Please Enter Your Birth Date
Adult Library Card Registration (age 18 and above)
If you have a disability, ask Library staff for an Extended Services form
Pick up your library card in person from your nearest branch within 14 days of applying with the following documents:
Photo ID
Proof of address
required field
Last Name
First Name
Middle Initial
Home Address
Street
Apt.#
City
CA. Zip Code
Telephone
(including area code)
Mailing Address (if different from home address)
E-Mail Address
Preferred Language
If you prefer to read in a language other than English, please indicate that language here
Personal Identification Number
You may register using one of several identification types. Please select an identification type by clicking one of the buttons below, and then enter the number shown on your ID. For more information about the accepted types of identification, please see "What forms of identification are accepted?"
Acceptable I.D. for children includes:
Acceptable I.D. for teenagers includes:
Acceptable I.D. for adults includes:
Driver's License
Permanent Resident Card
State Issued ID Card
Matricula Consular ID Card
Social Security Card
Oakland City ID/Municipal City ID
Student ID Card
Passport
ID Number
Online Agreement
I agree to follow all library rules, pay all fines and fees, and give immediate notice of any change of address, phone number, or loss of library card. I understand that I am responsible for all items checked out on this card, that some items such as DVDs and videos have higher fines, and that I am the only authorized user of this card
I agree to follow all library rules
Online Registration Confirmation
Date registered:
Thanks for registering!
Please print this confirmation and bring it with the following documents to any Oakland Public Library within 14 days to pick up your card:
For children under 13, instead, a parent/Legal Guardian and child must both be present for the child to receive the card
Child Library Card Registration (ages 5-12)
Parent/Legal Guardian and child must both present themselves for the child to receive the card within 14 days of applying. Alternatively, you may print and fill out a paper application for the child to receive a card without parent/legal guardian present
Parent/Guardian Information
As parent/Legal Guardian, I understand and agree that:
The library may only give the card to my child. Only my child may use his or her card.
The library allows my child to use any materials, from any section. The library cannot limit the types of books or movies my child checks out, even if I ask.
My child's library record (like mine) is private by law. The library cannot tell me what my child has checked out, except when a fine is owed.
Some materials have fines if they are returned late, and all lost or damaged materials have fines. I am responsible for any fines on my child's record.
My child can use computers at the library for up to one hour per day. The library does not limit what children can look at, and does not supervise children on the computer.
If my child is younger than eight years old, he or she must be closely supervised by a parent or responsible caregiver, and may not be left unattended in the library.
Teen Library Card Registration (ages 13-17)
Pick up your library card in person from your nearest branch within 14 days of applying with your photo ID, or the signature of a parent/legal guardian on a paper application if no ID is available.
Submit
Submit Form
Start Over
Print Confirmation
Close
